So, so listen, man, you were, you just came back from the Canello tripleg fight,
which was a, a phenomenal fight. That was a phenomenal fight. Yeah.
I really enjoyed that fight a.
Lot. I think people exaggerate how good fights are nowadays.
Like if they're around. Everything's great. Yeah. I think everything is,
if a pitch has one good year in baseball, he's great.
He's he's like the next Santa Colfax.
Like people don't wait to see and,
and truly graded, uh,
against things that were out of their era. Mm. Because you know, we're human.
Like, Hey, I was there. I reported on it.
It's the greatest fight ever. And you really think so? No, no,
but that's what people, that' what they, right, right, right.
I think it was a really good fight. Yeah. But everything's relative, you know,
and it depends on everything is influenced.
The judgment of people is influenced.
At least I see it in my view for whatever that's worth
by what's around and how hungry they are.
Like everybody bought the pakeo maywether first fight because
the fans were hungry. Their imagination was like, there's no good fights. Right.
This is gonna be a good fight. So they're anticipating it.
So you got 'em at the right time. If it was the eighties and you had Lennon,
Duran, Pinel, woodtake haler, haler, uh, you know, you,
you had, um, Herns, I mean, you had all these great fight, Aaron Pryer.
Mm. You had all these guys fighting each other.
You probably couldn't have pulled off the, the maywether
uhpackeo thing that you pulled off. And it, it turns out to be a, you know,
a bit of a, I don't wanna say scare am, but, uh, it,
it definitely was what it lived up to be. Wasn't.
That because backyard came into the fight injured.
I, I don't believe it. I never saw any, listen,
I'm not saying you didn't have an injury, but you, you are in a tough business.
You,
you were in tawondo and all that kind of fighting stuff and MMA and what,
whatever part of it, I'm probably not giving it the proper, um,
understanding of what it was and, and exactly what part of the fighting,
not just MMA, I'm being too broad, but I know you did TaeKwonDo.
You did kickboxing.
I know that you're you were a national champion when you were young.
Somebody showed me something about it. So, um, you,
you do things when you're injured. I mean like, when are you not injured? Right.
If youre, if you are a football player, if you're a fighter,
if you're in the contact with tell me when you're not injured,
like when there's not something wrong.
So I never saw proof during that bout I was there governor for
ESPN, I never saw proof where he winnced or,
or he didn't throw that hand or, or he food in a,
in a poor way or in a, in a less than high level way. I,
I never saw that. So listen, I'm not in this body. Uh, you know, and, and, um,
I'm not a mind reader, but I, I didn't see it. But what I did see,
I saw him and his trainer in the runway was more telling to me
taking selfies because they had got paid a,
a few extra dollars to promote some kind of product where
they selfies were attached to it. Mm-hmm. So I saw that to me,
that was more Deb bill ating to see a guy before the biggest fight of his life,
where people were going crazy and, and gonna break the paper view, record,
and paying a hundred dollars for the freaking thing to see him taking a selfie
when the mentality should be in a different place.
And normally is in a different place before.
You're about to walk that a hundred yards to the ring.
You might not come out of there. Right? It's always possible.
You have to have that mentality.
I thought that was more debilitating than anything I saw physically with what
was supposed to be an arm injury. So to me,
look to me, maybe it's, I don't know if it's fair to say it was a money grab,
but obviously it, it was a bit of a money grab. Uh,
they were beyond themselves. Uh, you know, one guy was retired,
he came back for it.
They were beyond the peak of their abilities in their career. And I just,
I, I just didn't see, uh, I, I didn't see that fight. Uh,
the purpose to it well.
Happened about five, six years late. Yeah. Yeah.
I, I just, I mean, what,
what, I, I, I, anyone who gets in a ring,
they deserve to make as much money as they can. I never,
I never say that a fighter got overpaid. Never. I don't care.
I never say that because I understand what it took to get to that point. And,
but, you know, you can, you can play with things and, you know, you can,
you can kind of lead people to things. Mm. And again,
where we started with this conversation, you know, it,
it's the time you're around the,
the environment what's not around, not just what's around,
but what's not around. Right. You know, there's.
Not that many great fights to be made right now is what you're saying. Yeah.
So the tripleg Canello fight is important because there's not a lot of guys
waiting in the wings. It's not like the old days of the 1980s or the,
the glory days of the, we wait and middleweight division.
No, it's not. Right. And, and the people, you know, they, they have a thirst,
if you will,
to see something that the PR department can bring,
it can use the right material because they, they,
it has to be fighters that obviously are Marqui fighters with a name that they
can build it and get the, imagine nation of the people that say,
this is gonna be a great one.
So when they see it and they pay a hundred dollars on $85 or $95,
whatever the heck they're paying, um, for the fight,
and then it's a good fight. Well,
it becomes a great fight because of all those elements. Mm. Because,
uh, you know, it it's during your time you saw it, you committed to it,
you sacrificed to pay that money. You sacrificeed the fly there.
And yeah. It a really good fight becomes,
uh, a great iconic for yeah. Yeah. And,
and I don't think we separate that in our minds. I don't think, Hey,
who says we have to, because right. It's about enjoyment. So if that,
if that makes people happy, Hey, that's part of,
that's part of what goes into the mix of entertainment.
But I didn't see when I try to separate that being in the business,
I didn't see it as, you know, the thrill on Manila. Right. I, I saw it as
a really good, solid fight. And they, once again, unfortunately,
took away from it with controversy, with the decision. Did you think the.
Decdecision I thought the first decision was terrible.
I thought tripleg clearly won the fight.
I thought the second decision was arguable. I thought like, this is,
this looks like a draw to me. And it was an amazing fight.
I mean, I gotta be honest because I mean, that's where you're supposed to be.
And who do you think won? I added 1 17, 1 12.
And a lot of people were gonna say for you had it too far.
I had it for galafkin really. And all week long, I picked Canello to win on,
on ESPN, on sports and I was working. So I,
you know, 1 17, 1 twelve's big. Yeah. It's five round. So yeah. I, I, yeah.
So I'm, you know, you, you, you start to,
you're human, you start to hear people like you, you know,
that knows something about fighting that it had it closer. So you, maybe you,
you don't want to yell that you add at 1 17, 1 12, but yeah.
You still gotta yell it. Yeah. Because that's what you believe.
That's what you saw. And I still say it, I still yell it.
That it was, they didn't give 'em credit for jabs.
Like jabs don't count no more. Right? Like
I'm not gonna pick out anybody because that's not really
fair to do when you have a podium and they don't have a podium, but
sometimes it is because they deserve it. But not, not generally.
And the judges nowadays, I,
I think that they just give it,
I see too often that they almost go down the easy route.
Like, you know, they just give it to who's aggressive.
A guy's walking forward, a guy's throwing punches. It's like,
they're favoring that guy. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, and it's more to it than that.
And I understand that the sport doesn't help itself.
They don't make a clear criterium, but it's supposed to be clean,
harder,
effective punchers because the separation of professional boxing and amateur
boxing is you have to sell it. You have to make money. Right.
And you gotta put Fannie in the seats. So you want to see guys get hurt.
You wanna see guys andpac guys. So it's the cleaner who hurts the guy more?
It's the cleaner, more impactful punches, but it's not just drone.
It's not just aggression because the aggression has to lead to something
effective, effective aggression. So I,
I saw for me to get it to that once step 12,
I saw galovkin on the outside control range,
control distance. You want to use that silly word ring generalship. Cuz I,
I have the time, I don't know what they're talking about. They say ring general,
like right. What are you talking about? I just saw the way you judged it.
Where did, where did you fit in ring general into that? Into your thinking?
Because I'd like to know, but if it is ring generalship,
he was controlling the range. He was controlling outside.
He was keeping the shorter man on the outside, catching him with the champ,
making him earn his way in, making him pay a price to get in.
Now was the other guy canal be in the other guy landing the hard clean body
shots that sometimes you don't get credit for. Yeah, he was, yeah. Oh,
like I say on ESPN, he was putting water in the basement. Yeah,
he definitely was. But
the jab didn't count suddenly we're suddenly in a universe where the jab
of a guy doesn't mean anything when we don't want it to mean anything.
When we want, wanna give it to the aggressive guy, to the, to the guy trying,
you know, trying to get in.
There. The question is like,
what's more important is a jab more important or a hook to the body. What,
what is moremportant in your eyes to, to the.
Body? Clean is more important, more important.
But if the jab outnums the hooks to the body through many rounds
and, and the numbers are significant, it's greater than,
than you have to account for that. Right.
So you think that people are watching,
they're watching a couple of jabs and then one hook to the body and they count
that one hook to the body better than they count the two jabs.
Yeah. And I don't have a problem with that because I count it that way too,
if it's a good shot. Yeah. I, because again, a power shot. Yeah.
Because that is, what's gonna drive people to the event right. To the sport.
It's the harder punches. So I have no problem with that.
But if the jabs are 20 jabs, right. And it's two body punches,
well then I'm starting to say, we,
we can't forget the jabs because the body punches got your attention. Mm. And,
and it, it, you know, it, it moved you outta your seat a little bit,
maybe because for whatever reason. So I,
I'm just saying that the criterium is not clean enough,
uh, for, for the judges sometimes. Well, it's.
A even bigger mess in MMA and it's a lot of the same judges. I, I mean,
I think the problem with judgesing is the same in both sports,
you should have someone who has experience in the sport. I mean, they,
they have to have a deep understanding of what they're actually watching and
that's not the case. I know it's not the case in boxing,
cuz I know a lot of the same judges from boxing also judge MMA.
They don't know what they're talking about in MMA.
And I don't think they know what they're talking about in boxing either.
And that's a real travesty,
it's a huge disservice to these professional athletes who literally are,
as you said, risking, everything as they step in there,
there's a real good chance that they might not come out.
I mean it happens every so many fights, a guy dies.
This is just a fact in boxing and the fact football too football too. Sure.
That's and MMA as well. Well MMA has plenty of problems, you know?
I mean there's, there's less deaths in MMA,
but we're getting deaths from weigh-ins. You know,
we have a lot of extreme weight cutting issues in some of the small
organizations in particular.